As I mentioned earlier, a preemptive VM
is an instance that you can create and run at a much lower cost
than normal instances. See whether you can make your application
function completely on preemptible VMs. Because a 60-91% discount is a significant
investment in your application. Now, just to reiterate these VMs
might be preempted at any time and there's no charge if that
happens within the first minute. Also, preemptible VMs are only
going to live for up to 24 hours. And you only get a 32nd notification
before the machine is preempted. >> It's also worth noting,
that there are no live migrations nor automatic restarts in preemptible VM's. But something that we might want to
highlight is that you can actually create monitoring and load balancers that can start up new
preemptible VMs in case of a failure. In other words, there are external ways to keep restarting
preemptible VMs if you need to. One major use case for preemptible
VMS is running batch processing jobs. If some of those instances terminate
during processing, the job slows but it does not completely stop. Therefore, preemptible instances, complete
your batch processing tasks without placing additional workload
on your existing emphasis and without requiring you to pay full
price for additional normal instances. >> Spot VMs are the latest
version of preemptible VMs. Spot VMs are virtual machine instances
with the Spot provisioning model. New and existing preemptible VMs
continue to be supported and preemptible VMs use the same
pricing model as Spot VMs. However, Spot VMs provide new features
that preemptible VMs do not support. For example,
preemptible VMs can only run for up to 24 hours at a time, but
Spot VMs do not have a maximum run time. Like preemptible VMs compute
engine might preemptible VMs, Spot VMs if it needs to reclaim
those resources for other tasks. The probability that compute engine
stops Spot VMs for a system event, is generally low but might vary from
a day to day and from zone to zone, depending on current conditions. Spot VMs are finite
compute engine resources. So, they might not always be available. Like preemptible VMs,
it's worth noting that Spot VMs can't live migrate to become standard
VMs while they are running or be set to automatically restart
when there is a maintenance event. There are many best practices which can
help you get the most of using Spot VMs. For example, resources for
spot VMs come out of access and backup Google cloud capacity. Capacity for spot VMs is often easier
to get for smaller machine types. Meaning machine types with less
resources like VCPU and memory. >> If you have workloads that require
physical isolation from other workloads or virtual machines in order to
meet compliance requirements, You want to consider sole-tenant nodes. A sole-tenant node is a physical
compute engine server that is dedicated to hosting VM instances only for
your specific project. Use sole-tenant nodes to keep your
instances physically separated from instances in other projects or to group your instances together
on the same host hardware. For example, if you have a payment
processing workload that needs to be isolated to meet
compliance requirements. The diagram on the left
shows a normal host with multiple VM instances
from multiple customers. A sole-tenant node is
shown on the right and it also has multiple VM instances but
they all belong to the same project. You can also fill the node with multiple
smaller VM instances of varying sizes, including custom machine types and
instances with extended memory. Also, if you have existing
operating system licenses, you can bring them to compute engine
using sole-tenant nodes while minimizing the physical core usage
with the in place restart feature. To learn how to create nodes and
place your instances on those nodes, see the link section of this video. Another computer option is
to create a shielded VM. Shielded VMs offer verifiable
integrity to your VM instances. So, you can be confident that your
instances haven't been compromised by boot or kernel level malware or root kits. Shielded VMs is the first offering
in the shielded cloud initiative. The shielded cloud initiative is meant to
provide an even more secure foundation for all of Google cloud by providing
verifiable integrity and offering features like VTPM shielding or ceiling that
help prevent data exfiltration. In order to use these
shielded VM features, you need to select a shielded image. We'll learn more about
images in the next section. Confidential VMS are breakthrough
technology that allows you to encrypt data in use while it's been processed. Google Cloud's approach to
encrypt data in use is simple, easy to use deployment without making any
code changes to their applications or having to compromise performance. You can collaborate with anyone all
while preserving the confidentiality of your data. Confidential virtual machine or confidential VM is a type of
N2D compute engine VM instance, running on hosts based on the second
generation of AMD Epyc processors. Code named Rome, using AMD secure
encrypted virtualization or SEV, confidential VM features built in
optimization of both performance and security for
enterprise class high memory workloads. As well as in line memory encryption that
doesn't introduce significant performance penalties on those workloads. The AMD Rome process or
family is specifically optimized for compute heavy workloads with high
memory capacity, high throughput and support for parallel workloads. In addition, AMD SEV provides for
confidential computing support. With the confidential execution
environments provided by confidential VM and am de SEV, Google
Cloud keeps customers sensitive code and other data encrypted in
memory during processing. Google does not have access
to the encryption keys. You can select the confidential VM
service when creating a new VM using the Google Cloud console. The compute engine API or
the G-cloud command line tool.